[mri_violations] Update Help (#8772)
aces/Loris: modules/mri_violations/help/mri_violations.md

You can click the link in the *Image File* column to view the scan in BrainBrowser. 

> In-order to see the details of a SeriesUID problem, press the "Could not identify scan type" or "Protocol violation" link in the Type of Problem column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking "Could not identify scan type" or "Protocol violation" links in the *Type of Problem* column will display a popup with the details of any problems for that SeriesUID.
```
